README.md, before:

# Yet More HTML Form Widgets for Play Framework

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mslinn/html-form-scala.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mslinn/html-form-scala)
[![GitHub version](https://badge.fury.io/gh/mslinn%2Fhtml-form-scala.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/gh/mslinn%2Fhtml-form-scala)

This is yet another approach to providing HTML form widgets for Play Framework.
The form widgets provided with Play Framework feature a minimum of parameters and have an arcane syntax as a result.
Those widgets are rendered within a &lt;dl/&gt; tags, which is only useful for a narrow range of scenarios.
Most HTML5 features are not supported "out of the box" so it is common to spend a lot of time crafting wrappers around the standard widgets.

The [Play Bootstrap](https://github.com/adrianhurt/play-bootstrap) widgets require Twitter Bootstrap,
but otherwise its API is similar to the Play Framework form widget API.

[ScalaTags](http://www.lihaoyi.com/scalatags/) is another library for generating HTML using Scala.

This package produces output that closely resembles Play Bootstrap's output, 
but it uses many explicit parameters instead of following the Play Framework API.
Widgets in the `views.html.htmlForm` package are HTML5 compatible, 
and include a date picker and a CSRF form helper.

Widgets related to Twitter Bootstrap 3.x are provided in the `views.html.htmlForm.bootstrap3` package.
Two flavors of modal dialog are provided. 
The `HtmlForm` object contains `checkbox`es, `select`s, and various flavors of `input` for 
email, URLs, currency, passwords, percentages, range-limited numeric values and much more.

## Installation
Add this to your project's `build.sbt`:

    resolvers += "micronautics/play on bintray" at "http://dl.bintray.com/micronautics/play"

    libraryDependencies += "com.micronautics" %% "html-form-scala" % "0.1.4" withSources()

## Scaladoc
[Here](http://mslinn.github.io/html-form-scala/latest/api/)

Commit message:

Moved datePicker to the bootstrap3 package

README.md, after:

# Yet More HTML Form Widgets for Play Framework

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mslinn/html-form-scala.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mslinn/html-form-scala)
[![GitHub version](https://badge.fury.io/gh/mslinn%2Fhtml-form-scala.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/gh/mslinn%2Fhtml-form-scala)

This is yet another approach to providing HTML form widgets for Play Framework.
The form widgets provided with Play Framework feature a minimum of parameters and have an arcane syntax as a result.
Those widgets are rendered within a &lt;dl/&gt; tags, which is only useful for a narrow range of scenarios.
Most HTML5 features are not supported "out of the box" so it is common to spend a lot of time crafting wrappers around the standard widgets.

The [Play Bootstrap](https://github.com/adrianhurt/play-bootstrap) widgets require Twitter Bootstrap,
but otherwise its API is similar to the Play Framework form widget API.

[ScalaTags](http://www.lihaoyi.com/scalatags/) is another library for generating HTML using Scala.
It is not Play Framework aware, or Twitter Bootstrap aware &ndash; instead, it is completely generic.

This package produces output that closely resembles Play Bootstrap's output, 
but it uses many explicit parameters instead of following the Play Framework API.
Widgets in the `views.html.htmlForm` package are HTML5 compatible, 
and include a CSRF form helper.

Widgets related to Twitter Bootstrap 3.x are provided in the `views.html.htmlForm.bootstrap3` package.
Two flavors of modal dialog are provided and a date picker. 
The `HtmlForm` object contains `checkbox`es, `select`s, and various flavors of `input` for 
email, URLs, currency, passwords, percentages, range-limited numeric values and much more.

## Installation
Add this to your project's `build.sbt`:

    resolvers += "micronautics/play on bintray" at "http://dl.bintray.com/micronautics/play"

    libraryDependencies += "com.micronautics" %% "html-form-scala" % "0.1.5" withSources()

## Scaladoc
[Here](http://mslinn.github.io/html-form-scala/latest/api/)
